Kotlin/Wasm: adding new page for troubleshooting (#3916)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/wasm/wasm-troubleshooting.md

[//]: # (title: Troubleshooting)

> Most of the browsers support WebAssembly. For recent browser versions, WebAssembly works by default. However,

Reviewer: It would be nice to put it into a referable subsection (something about Browsers)

for older browser versions, you still need to update the browser settings.

To run a Kotlin/Wasm project, check if you need to update the settings of the target environment:

> <tabs>

Reviewer: I'm wondering if it will look better without tabs 🤔

Author: As we're presenting more than 2 browsers, I would say it's more user-friendly to keep them in tabs. Users can quickly switch between different sections without scrolling excessively, which helps in terms of navigation and segmentation of information.

Reviewer: It seems to me that tab-less could be more discoverable.

Other concerns:
* Content inside an inactive tab is not searchable via builtin find on the page.
* There is a relative link to tabs, but I'm not sure if they are stable.

Reviewer: [Minor]

Author: Ok, I tried 3 styles (tabs, collapsed paragraphs, and expanded information). In the end, expanded information was easy to navigate because this is a stand-alone page and there is no more information or subsections below. In case we add more sections and subsections below later, we can think of a solution.

Reviewer: Thank you for experimenting!

<tab title="Chrome">

* For version 119 or later:
  
  It works by default.

> * For older versions:

Reviewer: For older browsers, it also will require using the older Kotlin toolchain (<=1.9.20-Beta), since Kotlin 1.9.20-Beta2 we generates final opcodes.

Reviewer: Maybe for older browsers, it would be enough to have a generic comment like:
"For older browsers, make sure that Wasm GC is supported and turned on and you use Kotlin toolchain before 1.9.20"

Author: -Kotlin 1.9.20: Added. 
-Regarding the generic comment, we wouldn't like to leave users with open questions. In this sense, if we tell them to make sure Wasm is turned on, it would be helpful to also tell them how to turn it on. So, we could leave the 3 steps; they're concise and don't add noise to the information flow. What do you think?

Reviewer: ok, thanks

    1. Go to `chrome://flags/#enable-webassembly-garbage-collection` in your browser.
    2. Enable **WebAssembly Garbage Collection**.
    3. Relaunch your browser.

</tab>
<tab title="Firefox">

* For version 120 or later:
  
  It works by default.

* For version 119:

  1. Go to `about:config` in your browser.
  2. Enable `javascript.options.wasm_gc` option.
  3. Relaunch your browser.

</tab>

> <tab title="Edge">

Reviewer: How about renaming it to "Chromium-based" and mentioning inside some specific browsers (Edge, Brave, Opera, Samsung Internet)?

Reviewer: Alternatively, this tab could be merged into the Chrome tab with a note that it's the same for other Chromium based browsers

Author: I renamed it. It is a good idea to merge them, but I noticed the process for updating the settings for older versions is not the same. We would need to keep them in separate tabs (each one with its explanation) unless the 3 steps for Chrome also work for Chromium-based. Do they?

Reviewer: > Do they?
It looks like they don't

* For version 119 or later:

  It works by default.

* For older versions:

  Run the application with the `--js-flags=--experimental-wasm-gc` command line argument.

> </tab>

Reviewer: Let's also add Safari/WebKit with a note that Wasm GC support there is not ready yet but under active development

Reviewer: We also can provide link to the related issue -- https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=247394

Author: Added.

[//]: # (title: Troubleshooting)

> Most of the browsers support WebAssembly. For recent browser versions, WebAssembly works by default. However,

Author: I rephrased it, plus added context.

for older browser versions, you still need to update the browser settings.

## Browser versions

> To run a Kotlin/Wasm project, check if WebAssembly works with the browser version by default. Otherwise, update the 

Reviewer: The point is that Kotlin/Wasm depends on new proposals (Wasm GC, Exception handling, Typed Function Reference), and it may require updating or setting up an environment.

> To run a Kotlin/Wasm project, check if WebAssembly works with the browser version by default. Otherwise, update the 

Author: Also rephrased here. WDYT?

settings of the target environment:

<tabs>
<tab title="Chrome">

* For version 119 or later:

>   WebAssembly works by default.

Reviewer: It's not about WebAssembly but Kotlin/Wasm binaries or supported and enabled by default proposals

Author: Changed it.

* For older versions:

    1. Go to `chrome://flags/#enable-webassembly-garbage-collection` in your browser.
    2. Enable **WebAssembly Garbage Collection**.
    3. Relaunch your browser.

  Besides updating the browser settings, make sure you use the Kotlin toolchain before 1.9.20.

</tab>
<tab title="Chromium-based">

Including Chromium-based browsers such as Edge, Brave, Opera, or Samsung Internet.

* For version 119 or later:

  WebAssembly works by default.

* For older versions:

>   Run the application with the `--js-flags=--experimental-wasm-gc` command line argument.

Reviewer: Also, they need to use the Kotlin toolchain before 1.9.20

</tab>
<tab title="Firefox">

* For version 120 or later:

  WebAssembly works by default.

* For version 119:

  1. Go to `about:config` in your browser.
  2. Enable `javascript.options.wasm_gc` option.

>   3. Relaunch your browser.

Reviewer: In case of Firefox, refreshing page is enough

</tab>
<tab title="Safari/WebKit">

For Safari and WebKit, the WebAssembly garbage collection (WasmGC) support is currently under 
[active development](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=247394).

</tab>
</tabs>

> For more information about running a Kotlin/Wasm project, see the [Kotlin/Wasm examples.](https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlin-wasm-examples#readme) 

Author: Rephrased it.

[//]: # (title: Troubleshooting)

> Kotlin/Wasm relies on new [WebAssembly proposals](https://github.com/WebAssembly/proposals) like garbage collection, 

Reviewer: Maybe it's better refering to https://webassembly.org/roadmap/?

Reviewer: Note there is no "typed function references" proposal because it is implied by the GC proposal and sometimes treated as part of the GC proposal (actually it was 🤯).

exception handling to introduce improvements and new features within WebAssembly. 

However, to ensure these features work properly, you need an environment that supports the new proposals. 
In some cases, you may need to set up the environment to make it compatible with the proposals.

## Browser versions

To run applications built with Kotlin/Wasm in a browser, you need a browser version supporting the new 
[WebAssembly garbage collection (WasmGC) feature](https://github.com/WebAssembly/gc). Check if the browser version supports 
the new WasmGC by default or if you need to make changes to the environment.

### Chrome 

* **For version 119 or later:**

  Works by default.

* **For older versions:**

  1. In your browser, go to `chrome://flags/#enable-webassembly-garbage-collection`.
  2. Enable **WebAssembly Garbage Collection**.
  3. Relaunch your browser.

>   In addition to updating the browser settings, make sure you use the Kotlin toolchain before 1.9.20.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  In addition to updating the browser settings, make sure you use a Kotlin version before 1.9.20.
```
I checked with developers and "toolchain" was misleading, they actually meant "compiler" so only the Kotlin version needs to be before 1.9.20.

>   Besides updating the browser settings, make sure you use the Kotlin toolchain before 1.9.20.

Author: Yes, I looked for it and saw it's a Gradle reference of common use.

### Chromium-based

Including Chromium-based browsers such as Edge, Brave, Opera, or Samsung Internet.

* **For version 119 or later:**

  Works by default.

* **For older versions:**

  Run the application with the `--js-flags=--experimental-wasm-gc` command line argument.

  In addition to updating the browser settings, make sure you use the Kotlin toolchain before 1.9.20.

### Firefox

* **For version 120 or later:**

  Works by default.

* **For version 119:**

  1. In your browser, go to `about:config`.
  2. Enable `javascript.options.wasm_gc` option.
  3. Refresh the page.

### Safari/WebKit

WebAssembly garbage collection support is currently under
[active development](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=247394).

> > Learn more about setting up projects, using dependencies, and other tasks with our 

Reviewer: Minor: it looks like it is attached to the Safari block.

Author: I gave it some space to separate it from Safari paragraph.
